Drop Rails 4.2 support (#469)
cucumber/cucumber-rails: CONTRIBUTING.md

    bundle install
    bin/install_geckodriver.sh
    bin/install_webpacker.sh

>     # Then to run tests on one specific gemfile (i.e. Rails 6.0), run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Then to run tests on one version-specific Gemfile (e.g. gemfiles/rails_6_0.gemfile), run
```

Wording like this also shows concretely where the individual file is located. Perhaps good?

Author: Much much better :+1:
